development-strategy.md, before:

# Development Strategy

> add one row to this table for each user story you define

| _Step Name_ | User Story | Changes in HTML | Changes in CSS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HTML content | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the html structurse so that i have good semantic base to buld upono | An full template project with `doctype`, language, charset, `head` & `body` | an empty file |
| Mobile css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the mobile option so that i have nice looking website| none | basic rules for the layouts |
| Tablet css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the mobile option so that i have nice looking website| none | a media query for the tablet CSS |
| Desktop css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the desktop option so that i have nice looking website| none | an empty file |

| ... | ... | ... | ... |
| (descriptive name) | (user story) | (what did you add to the HTML?) | (what did you add to the CSS?) |


---
---

### <a href="https://hackyourfuture.be" target="_blank"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18554853/63941625-4c7c3d00-ca6c-11e9-9a76-8d5e3632fe70.jpg" width="100" height="100" alt="Hack Your Future: Belgium"></a>

Commit message:

add one or more colors

development-strategy.md, after:

# Development Strategy

> add one row to this table for each user story you define

| _Step Name_ | User Story | Changes in HTML | Changes in CSS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HTML content | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the html structurse so that i have good semantic base to buld upono | An full template project with `doctype`, language, charset, `head` & `body` | an empty file |
| Mobile css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the mobile option so that i have nice looking website| none | basic rules for the layouts |
| Tablet css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the mobile option so that i have nice looking website| none | a media query for the tablet CSS |
| Desktop css code | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can create the css code for the desktop option so that i have nice looking website| none | an empty file |
| Add some nice colors | As an enthusiastic HYF student I can add some color style so that i can have some | none | mostly colors |

| ... | ... | ... | ... |
| (descriptive name) | (user story) | (what did you add to the HTML?) | (what did you add to the CSS?) |


---
---

### <a href="https://hackyourfuture.be" target="_blank"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18554853/63941625-4c7c3d00-ca6c-11e9-9a76-8d5e3632fe70.jpg" width="100" height="100" alt="Hack Your Future: Belgium"></a>
